Feature/rework end to end encryption (#132)
iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation: for-developers/confidential-computing/end-to-end-encryption.md

# Protect result

> In previous tutorials, we saw how to build trusted applications that run securely inside [enclaves](intel-sgx-technology.md#enclave) and combine them with confidential datasets to get the most out of confidential computing advantages. In this chapter, we will push things further to protect the workflow in an end to end mode. That means the next step would be encrypting results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous tutorials, we saw how to build [trusted applications](intel-sgx-technology.md) that run securely inside enclaves and combine them with confidential assets to get the most out of confidential computing advantages. In this chapter, we will push things further to protect the workflow in an end to end mode. That means the next step would be encrypting results.
```

Author: See 26c7c4a then 5bfa7c

* Familiarity with the basic concepts of [Intel® SGX](intel-sgx-technology.md#intel-r-software-guard-extension-intel-r-sgx) and [SCONE](intel-sgx-technology.md#scone-framework) framework.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="info" %}
You don't need to change your application's code or redeploy it to add this feature.
{% endhint %}

> Assuming your application is deployed (if not please check how to do it [here for Scone](create-your-first-sgx-app.md#deploy-the-tee-app-on-iexec) or [here for Gramine](create-your-first-gramine-app.md#deploy-the-tee-app-on-iexec)), before triggering an execution you need to generate a public/private AES key-pair and push the public part to the [Secret Management Service](intel-sgx-technology.md#secret-management-service-sms). The latter, in turn, will provide it, at runtime, to the enclave running your trusted application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming your application is deployed (if not please check how to do it [here for Scone](create-your-first-sgx-app.md#deploy-the-tee-app-on-iexec) or [here for Gramine](create-your-first-gramine-app.md#deploy-the-tee-app-on-iexec)), before triggering an execution you need to generate an RSA key-pair and push the public key to the [Secret Management Service](intel-sgx-technology.md#secret-management-service-sms). The latter, in turn, will provide it, at runtime, to the enclave running your trusted application.
```
